# Exceptional Handling Use Cases

## Q1. Division Calculation with User Input

Write a Python program that prompts the user to enter two integers and calculates their division. Handle the scenario
where the user inputs non-integer values.
w

## Q2. Arithmetic Operation with User Input

Write a Python program that prompts the user to enter two numbers and an arithmetic operation (+, -, *, /). The program
should perform the specified operation on the given numbers and display the result. Ensure proper error handling for
cases such as division by zero and invalid input operations. Additionally, provide meaningful error messages to guide
the user in case of errors.

## Q3. Input Validation for Sensitive Operations

Write a Python program that reads user input and performs a sensitive operation. Handle the scenario where the input
exceeds a certain length. Example scenarios include Username Validation, Password Validation, and Email Validation
Exception.

## Q4. Transaction Handling in a Banking System

Write a Python program that simulates a transaction process between multiple bank accounts. Handle the scenario where
any of the accounts do not exist or have insufficient balance for the transaction.

## Q5. Area Calculation for Geometric Shapes

Create a Python program that calculates the area of a geometric shape based on user input. The program should prompt the
user to choose a shape (rectangle, circle, or triangle) and provide the necessary inputs for each shape type. Ensure
proper error handling for invalid inputs and edge cases, such as negative dimensions or missing values. Additionally,
provide informative error messages to assist the user in correcting their input mistakes.

## Q6. Simple Banking System

Develop a Python program for a simple banking system that allows users to deposit, withdraw, and check their balance.
The program should prompt users for their account balance and offer options to perform the aforementioned transactions.
Ensure proper error handling for scenarios such as insufficient balance for withdrawal and invalid inputs. Additionally,
provide clear prompts and feedback messages to guide users through the banking operations.

## Q7. Library Management System

Create a Python program for a simple library management system. The program should allow users to perform actions such
as borrowing books, returning books, and checking available books. Ensure proper error handling for scenarios such as
attempting to borrow an unavailable book or returning a book that has not been borrowed. Additionally, provide clear
prompts and feedback messages to guide users through the library operations.

## Q8. Inventory Management System for a Grocery Store

Write a Python program for a simple inventory management system for a small grocery store. The program should allow the
store owner to add new items to the inventory, update existing items' quantities, and remove items. Additionally,
provide options to view the current inventory and search for specific items. Ensure proper error handling for invalid
inputs and edge cases, such as attempting to remove an item that doesn't exist. Also, provide clear prompts and feedback
messages to guide the store owner through the inventory management operations.

## Q9. Online Shopping Checkout Process

Write a Python program for an online shopping platform that simulates a checkout process. Handle the scenario where a
user tries to purchase an item that is out of stock.

## Q10. Restaurant Order Handling System

Develop a Python program for a restaurant system that handles orders. Handle the scenario where a customer tries to
order an item that is not on the menu.

## Q11. Social Media Platform Post Handling

Write a Python program for a social media platform that handles user posts. Handle the scenario where a user tries to
delete a post that does not exist.

## Q12. Calendar Application for Appointments

Create a Python program for a calendar application that handles appointments. Handle the scenario where a user tries to
cancel an appointment that is not scheduled.
